=for comment
 Copyright (C) 2011 Dominik Köppl
 Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify the below document
 under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
 or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
 with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
 A copy of the license is included in the file COPYING in the same directory.
=pod
=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

2annual - Converter from various source formats to the annual file format

=head1 SYNOPSIS

2annual [--verbosity] [B<--infile>=I<filename>] [B<--format>=I<string>] [B<--outfile>=I<filename>]
[B<--logfile>=I<lfilename>]

2annual [B<--help>|B<-?>|B<--manual>|B<--version>] 

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The program annual lacks in supporting mayor standard file formats like VCARD. 
Therefore you can use this program to import the data of these files. 
The output can be easily appended to an existing database.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 8

=item B<-h>, B<--help>, B<-?>

displays a short help

=item B<-m>, -B<--manual> 

displays this manual

=item B<-V>, -B<--version> 

shows the current version of the program

=item B<-v>, -B<--verbosity> 

Turns on verbosity and showing debug information. Without passing an argument for the logfile, all information is passed to stderr.

=item B<-l> -I<filename>, -B<--logfile>=-I<filename>

Saves the debug information in a logfile.

=item B<-i>, -B<--infile> 

Specify an input file for extracting data. 
If you do not use this argument, the program will listen on the standard input.

=item B<-f>, -B<--format> 

Tell the program which format you want to use.
The following formats are currently supported:

=over 8

=item B<ics> 

iCalendar

=item B<outlook>

Outlook csv-format

=item B<gmx>

the file you get after exporting an addressbook at gmx.net

=item B<vcard>

=item B<hcard>

=back

=item B<-o>, -B<--outfile> 

Specify an output file for saving the data.
If you do not use this argument, the program will write to the standard output.



=back

=head1 EXAMPLES

Read-in an ics file and show the output

=over 8

=item 2annual -i foobar.ics -f ics 

=back

=head1 EXIT STATUS

2annual returns a zero if it succeeds to import the data.
Non zero will be passed on error.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<annual(1)>

=head1 REPORTING BUGS

If you found a bug in this program, do not hesitate to write a mail to <dominik@devwork.org>

=head1 CAVEATS

Not using gettext or any i10n.

=head1 AUTHOR

Dominik Köppl


=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyleft (C) 2011 by Dominik Köppl


=cut

