=for comment
 Copyright (C) 2011 Dominik Köppl
 Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify the below document
 under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
 or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
 with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
 A copy of the license is included in the file COPYING in the same directory.
=pod
=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

annual - Keeps track of all your anniversaries and hopefully reminds you at the right time.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

annual [-qlhv] 

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Annual is an application to remind you of annual events like birthdays, fixed holydays, etc. 
The program can notify the user both in graphical and text-mode (no GUI). 

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 8

=item B<-q>

Quiet mode. Displays only output when there is something to remind.

=item B<-l>

Command-Line mode. Shows the results in a simple text list.

=item B<-h>

Shows all possible commandline options.

=item B<-v>

Prints the version information and quits.

=back

=head1 EXAMPLES

Putting this in your crontab-file will run annual writing the remindes in the file /etc/motd (please check write-permissions).
Hopefully, your shell will thanks to a smart profile-script read this file and show you its content on creation.

=over 8

=item @reboot /usr/bin/annual -l > /etc/motd

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<2annual(1)>

=head1 REPORTING BUGS

If you found a bug in this program, do not hesitate to write a mail to <dominik@devwork.org>

=head1 AUTHOR

Dominik Köppl


=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyleft (C) 2011 by Dominik Köppl


=cut

